NSSavePanel Not Appearing Due to Missing Entitlements Handling (#1741)
miguelpruivo/flutter_file_picker: CHANGELOG.md

## 9.2.2
### Desktop (macOS)

> - Returns a clear FlutterError if the required entitlements are missing, instead of failing silently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the file picker to check for missing entitlements, instead of failing silently.
```
